Next Iroha 2 LTS (#127)
hyperledger/iroha-javascript: .changeset/breezy-hornets-argue.md

---
'@iroha2/data-model': major
'@iroha2/data-model-schema': major
---

> Update data model according to next Iroha 2 LTS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update data model to align it with the updated model in the upcoming Iroha 2 LTS.
```
